c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api.XML
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\obj\Debug\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Extensions.NamedScope.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Application.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Domain.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Infra.CrossCoutting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Infra.Persistence.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Application.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Domain.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Infra.CrossCoutting.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SycData.Restaurante.Infra.Persistence.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Autofac.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Extensions.NamedScope.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\SimpleInjector.Integration.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\obj\Debug\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\obj\Debug\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\JWT.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\JWT.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KR.SycData.Restaurante\SycData.Restaurante.Web.Api\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
